

1     
Introduction

 

Customer Sales History can be
viewed in various forms. This section outlines some of the regularly used
methods.

 

 

 

 

 

2     
Customer Sales History

2.1      
Customer Statistics

To view Customer Statistics, go to:

Departments/Financial
Management/Receivables/Customers

Select the customer and then click Statistics. 

 

This screen shows a summary view of
customer activity including Sales, Profits and Payments this month and Year To
Date.

 



 

 

2.2      
Customer Ledger Entries

 

To view Customer Statistics, go to:

Departments/Financial
Management/Receivables/Customers

Select the customer and then click Ledger Entries. 

 

This screen shows a summary record for each transaction
for the customer. Each Invoice or Credit Note generated and each Payment made will
produce 1 customer ledger entry record.

 

If the document is still Open, a remaining amount will
be displayed. Once the invoice has been fully paid it will be flagged as closed
and the remaining amount will be zero.

 



 

 

 

From the ledger entry records, you can drill down by
clicking on Detailed Ledger
Entries  and view the related invoice card, reprint
the invoice, view the General Ledger Entries or view the related Job Ledger
Entries by clicking on the Navigate button and choosing to
show the required entry.

 

 

 



 



 

 

2.3      
Customer Sales

 

 

A summary view of Customer activity can be viewed in the
Customer Sales screen.

 

To view Customer Sales, go to:

 

Departments/Financial
Management/Receivables/Customers

Select the customer and then click Sales 

 

This screen shows customer activity including balance due,
sales and profit for each date.

 



3     
Zooming

 

When viewing Customer records there is
also the option of zooming in on a record available. On the right hand side of
the screen are links to the documents and entries associated with the customer.
Click on the blue link to
zoom in on the records. This function will show every field that is stored on
the record as it Navigates right down into the relevant Ledger or document to
display the information.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4     
Posted Invoices

 

Customer Invoices can be viewed and
reprinted at any time by simply selecting the required invoice using the Posted
Invoices menu item and selecting to print. The invoice can then be sent to the
printer or viewed on screen.

 

To view Posted Sales Invoices, go to:

 

Departments/Financial
Management/Receivables/History/Posted Sales Invoices

 

 



 

 

5     
Job Ledger Entries

 

A history of customer transactions can also be viewed by
accessing Job Ledger Entries. 

 

To view Job Ledger Entries, go to:

 

Departments/Labour Hire/Candidate
Processing/Jobs

Select the job and then click Ledger Entries  to view all entries for the selected job. 

 

 



 

Both Cost and Invoice transactions
are captured for each job and can be distinguished using various fields such Entry
Type, which will be set to Usage for Cost transactions and Sale for Invoice
transactions.



 

Posting Date: The Posting
Date is the date that the entry was posted.

Entry Type: The “Entry Type”
field identifies whether the entry is a Usage or Sales

Type:  Resource identifies what type of Cost or
Sale transaction it is.  

Open: A check will be
displayed when the amount in the Remaining Amount field is not zero.

 

 

 

 

 

 

