

1     
Introduction

 

General Ledger records can be
viewed in various forms.  This section
outlines some of the regularly used methods.

 

 

 

 

 

2     
General Ledger Records

 

After Payroll and Invoice transactions have been posted,
information can be viewed from within the General Ledger by Account, Date,
Global Dimension 1 and 2.

2.1      
Viewing Balances by Dimensions

To view balanced by Dimension for
all G/L accounts for a single period, go to:

Departments/Financial
Management/General Ledger/Chart of Accounts

Click G/L Balance by
Dimension   from the
Navigate Tab

 



 


 
  
   
   Field Name
   
   
   Description
   
  
 
 
  
  GENERAL FASTTAB
  
 
 
  
  Show as Lines
  
  
  This field is used to select the rows that will
  be displayed on the matrix.  Select the
  appropriate option from the “ArrowDown”.  
  
 
 
  
  Show As Columns
  
  
  This field is used to select the columns that
  will be displayed on the matrix. Select the appropriate option from the “ArrowDown”. 
  
 
 
  
  FILTERS FASTTAB
  
 
 
  
  Date Filter
  
  
  This field is used to set the date range for
  the transactions.
  
 
 
  
  G/L Account Filter
  
  
  This field is used to limit the G/L account to
  a specific account. Select the GL account from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Budget Filter
  
  
  This field is used to limit access to employee
  data with a matching division code entered on the “Posting” tab of the
  “Employee” card.  When an Employee List
  is displayed only Employees that match the Division will be shown.  
  Users can be restricted to single or multiple
  divisions.
  
 
 
  
  Business Unit Filter
  
  
  This field is used to limit the Business Unit
  to a specific Unit. Select the Business Unit from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Department Filter
  
  
  This field is used to limit the Department to a
  specific Dept. Select the Department from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Include Simulation
  
  
  Tick the checkbox
  
 
 
  
  Project Filter
  
  
  This field is used to limit the Project to a
  specific Project. Select the Project from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  OPTIONS FASTTAB
  
 
 
  
  Show
  
  
  This field is used to determine what G/L value
  is displayed on the matrix. Select the Value from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Show Amount Field
  
  
  This field is used to determine what G/L value
  is displayed on the matrix. Select the Value from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Closing Entries
  
  
  This field is used to determine whether closing
  entries are included in the values on the matrix. Select the Value from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Rounding Factor
  
  
  This field is used to determine the rounding
  factor on the values which will be displayed in the matrix. Select the Value
  from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Show Amounts in Add. Reporting Currency
  
  
  Select this field if you wish to show amounts
  in additional reporting currency.
  
 
 
  
  Show Column Name
  
  
  Select this field if you wish to show the
  column names.
  
 
 
  
  MATRIX OPTIONS FASTTAB
  
 
 
  
  View By
  
  
  You can select different time intervals to view
  the data. Select the Value from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  View As
  
  
  You can select one of the following options to
  determine what type of amount will be shown in the columns: Net Change or
  Balance at Date.
  The Net Change feature displays the net change
  per dimension.  
  The Balance at Date feature displays the
  account balances for dimensions as of the last day in the period.
  Select the Value from the “ArrowDown”.
  
 
 
  
  Column Set
  
  
  Displays the column values as set by the “Show
  as Columns” selection.
  
 
 
  
  Click on the “Show
  Matrix” button after you have completed your selection.
   
  
 


 



 

 

 

2.1.1    
Searching for Accounting Information

 

All information in Navision is stored in a tightly
structured format in a database.  This
makes is easy to retrieve with the various Find facilities.  This section describes two methods that can
be used in all installations.

 

Finding a specific Record

 

You can search for records (such as an account or an entry)
in all windows.  You select the field to
search and define the search string:

 

To search G/L records, go to:

Departments/Financial Management/General
Ledger/Chart of Accounts



 


 Click the
     Name field on any line.
 Navigate
     to the Actions Tab and Click Find.    The Find window appears:


 



 

 


 In the
     Matches field, enter the name of the account.
 Click Find Next.
 Your
     record is highlighted and marked as the current record in the Chart of
     Accounts window (The line will be highlighted).
 Click
     Find Next to find another occurrence.


 

